
Position:  Biologist (Computational) - Research Associate

Salary Range:  $64,290.00 - $83,580.00 PA

The Genomics and Bioinformatics Unit (GBRU) of the Agricultural Research Service is searching for a postdoctoral researcher in computational biology.  This is a full-time, temporary appointment not to exceed 2 years in the Excepted Service.  The researcher will be working directly with Justin Vaughn in Athens, GA.  The project will involve aggregation of genomic, RNA-seq, and genotype/phenotype association data from a set of model crops. Using a novel approach to phenotypic data structuring, we plan to be able to compare information across species in order to make candidate-gene identification much more efficient for large genomic regions already known to be associated with a trait.  The position will require scientific advancement on numerous conceptual frontiers, including evolutionary genetics, network analysis, and natural language processing of phenotypic data.  In turn, the candidate should have proficiency in the field of genetics and bioinformatics, although computer scientists with relevant experience will also be considered.  The knowledge required for this position is the following: A) Comparative genomics and analysis tools; B) Ability to run analyses on large, remote computing resources; and C) Understanding of genetic mapping using sequencing data, RNA-seq, and some crop physiology. Qualification Requirements:  Ph.D. in biological sciences or related disciplines appropriate to this position.  Applicants must meet basic Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standard’s requirements of the scientific discipline necessary to perform the duties and responsibilities of this position.   Applicants must also meet U.S. citizenship or permanent residents who meet certain eligibility requirements may apply.  Additional information on the employment of non-citizens can be found at:  https://www.afm.ars.usda.gov/hrd/employforeignnationals/   Position is open until filled.   For further details about this position and how to apply contact: Dr. Justin Vaughn (justin.vaughn[ at ]ars.usda.gov)

[Read more about project](http://genemachine.net/pages/leapFrog.html)

[Return to home page](http://genemachine.net)
